\begin{table}[H]
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline
\multicolumn{2}{|c|}{\textbf{Tiberio}}            \\ \hline
\textbf{task}                   & \textbf{Time} \\ \hline
first meeting                        & 1h 30min     \\ \hline
abbott analysis                      & 45 min    \\ \hline
second meeting                       & 2h        \\ \hline
class diagram                        & 1h        \\ \hline
requirements                         & 1h        \\ \hline
third meeting                        & 1h 30 min \\ \hline
use cases and class diagrams         & 2h 30 min \\ \hline
meeting                              & 30 min    \\ \hline
use cases                            & 2h 30 min \\ \hline
GUI, requirements, class description & 4h        \\ \hline
GUI, functions, statecharts          & 4h        \\ \hline
ucases traciability matrix           & 2h        \\ \hline
introduction, world and machine      & 2h 30 min \\ \hline
sequence diagrams                    & 2h        \\ \hline
meeting alloy                        & 1h 30 min \\ \hline
sequence and fixes                   & 1h 30 min \\ \hline
check and fix everithing             & 6h        \\ \hline
\rowcolor {polilight}
\textbf{Total}                  & \textbf{x h}   \\ \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|}
\hline
\multicolumn{2}{|c|}{\textbf{Saeid}}            \\ \hline
\textbf{Task}                   & \textbf{Time} \\ \hline
first meeting                   & 1,5h          \\ \hline
study previous works            & 2h            \\ \hline
second meeting                  & 2h            \\ \hline
Software System Attributes      & 1.30h         \\ \hline
State diagram                   & 1h            \\ \hline
third meeting                   & 1h 30 min     \\ \hline
meeting                         & 30 min        \\ \hline
Verify Requirements             & 1h            \\ \hline
Use Cases diagrams              & 1h 30 min     \\ \hline
Use Cases diagrams Improvment   & 30 min        \\ \hline
Learning Alloy                  & 6 min         \\ \hline
Analysis and Implementing Alloy & 3 min         \\ \hline
meeting alloy                   & 1h 30 min     \\ \hline
alloy improvement Facts         & 3 h           \\ \hline
\rowcolor {polilight}
\textbf{Total}                  & \textbf{x h}   \\ \hline
\end{tabular}
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
